I'm not talking nonsense.
This Ye Shao was smoked by our family
It's childhood sweethearts
If not, there is a waste mixed in it
Our two families have ended a long time ago, please cure them.
And Ye Shao returns to Qingzhou this time
On the one hand, it's for a university banquet
On the other hand.
I want to get a cigarette with our family and continue the relationship
Mr. Su
You are not the adult who likes that dragon shop
Empathy again
What do you know?
这这水往低处流
人往高处走
You, you were a loser three years ago
You've done nothing yet.
If I follow you
Then you must not drink the northwest wind
I am for the good of the Su family
A Su family
A home without emotions or bonds
Sooner or later it will vanish
fall apart
Just like you and me.
Pretend you and then pretend
Don't think I don't know what's on your mind
You just saw that our Su family got tens of billions.
You are in a hurry for the order.
Brush presence here
I have already cancelled the 10 billion project order in Qinzhou.
Where did the tens of billions of contracts come from?
What about these tens of billions of orders?
It was united by the 33 families of Qinzhou
Across the blinds
It covers almost all the economic lifelines of Qinzhou
And what about our Su Group?
The status of the leader